How you doing?
You guys got a problem?
You do.
No sign of Rick
or the people on the charter.
Well, they must be somewhere.
People just don't disappear.
Well, I guess
that's just my bad luck.
That's John Wayne?
Stay in the car
and let me handle this.
You really think
you can do it alone?
Trust me.
Get out!
Coast Guard found the bodies. They want
someone to come down and make an lD.
Hey, have you got
any more caviar?
Yeah.
You wanna tell me where?
It's in the icebox,
next to the bookcase.
How you doing?
Hi!
Hey, you guys got a problem?
No, no. No problem.
But you do.
Call the rest of them up here.
Come on.
Quit stalling! Just get the rest
of them up here. Come on. Come on.
Hey, Freddie. Freddie, come on up
here and bring the guys with you.
What's the matter with you?
We're right in the middle...
Now, Freddie!
Come on! Come on,
get the rest of them up.
Mr. Yamashiro, everyone,
come up here, please. Now. Come on.
That's good. Come on.
You, over here.
Get over here. Get over here!
Now put your hands
over your head.
Everybody,
put your hands over your head.
Good. Now listen.
I want all of you over here. Come on.
Duck!
Be cool, gentlemen.
They were due back
at 1700 hours.
Of course, given Rick's
usual lack of punctuality,
I didn't really begin to worry
until nightfall.
I called you both the moment
I heard from the Coast Guard
that the yacht
had been spotted.
No sign of Rick or the
people on the charter.
Apparently, there were some very
important people on the charter.
Rick felt it was imperative that
he take the boat out himself
so that nothing
would go wrong.
Well, they must be somewhere. People
just don't disappear. We'll find them.
She's right.
There has to be an explanation.
What was the result of your conversation
with your friend at the Coast Guard?
I could only buy us
five minutes.
Well, perhaps that's
all the time we'll need.
How long has it
been since the yacht disappeared?
Do you have a list of passengers?
Do you have a theory about
how the crew disappeared?
How widespread a search
are you conducting?
Did you find anything?
Not yet.
The rubber life raft
is missing.
Aside from that, it's as if no one
had ever been aboard this yacht.
More like somebody
cleaned it up real good.
The passenger manifest
is missing.
There may be a copy of that
in Rick's office. I can check.
Any idea
who booked this charter?
As a matter of fact, I do.
A young man by the name of Reed Hart.
Reed Hart?
He's a new member of the club.
An investment counselor, I believe.
Yeah. Kahana lnvestments.
Wait a minute.
T.C. said something about a
friend of his getting in trouble
putting a little money
in Kahana lnvestments.
He's not the only one. We've had two
or three complaints at the department,
but nothing substantial enough
to go on yet.
But, apparently, all we have
to go on here.
Not quite.
I don't think that's part
of the original equipment.
Looks like a nine-millimeter.
It's a pretty common caliber.
I don't think it's gonna be much help.
Magnum, I'm sorry,
but I'm afraid I'm gonna have to
ask you to disembark immediately.
The King Kamehameha III is now officially
sealed off pending investigation.
We're leaving right now.
I found this by the wheel.
Thanks, Mike.
Perhaps I can find a copy
of that passenger manifest.
If I come up with any names...
I can run it
through our files.
In the meantime, I guess all
we have to go on is Reed Hart.
One thing I've noticed
over the years.
Usually people hire
private investigators
because they can't unravel
the puzzle themselves.
Their emotions are
too involved.
They need someone who is
detached, analytical, uninvolved.
And that's what I've always
tried to give them.
But, somehow,
that all became very difficult
when the missing person was
Rick and the client was me.
I can't figure it out.
I've been waiting here for hours.
You haven't heard
from Freddie, either?
Well, let me know
the minute you hear anything.
I've gotta go.
Hi, I'm Starr Davis.
Can I help you?
Oh, I hope so.
I'm Thomas Magnum. A friend of
mine was meeting with Mr. Hart
about some sort
of business investment and...
You're looking
for investments.
Not exactly, no.
I was just kind of curious about
what sort of investment my friend...
A lot of people are embarrassed
to ask for help the first time.
It gets easier.
What kind of money
are we talking about?
How much money
do I have to have?
Well, how much risk
are you willing to take?
How much risk is there?
Not much,
if you have
the right attitude.
For example,
if you had $1,000 to invest...
500.
I could put you into
this pyramid organization.
Strictly legal.
Well, at the moment, anyway.
I can't promise you
how long it'll be
before the legislatures
change that.
But if you're willing
to give me the money in cash
and take a bit of a risk...
Excuse me.
I'll call you back later.
I beg your pardon.
Speaking.
The Coast Guard?
Yes.
Thank you.
Look, I know this might be
an awkward time,
but I think I know what
that phone call was about.
My friend, the one that
I mentioned when I came in,
he was on that boat, too.
You knew about this?
Well, I didn't know anything for sure.
I mean, that's why I'm here. I thought that...
Who are you?
I'm a private investigator.
What do you know?
Nothing. I was hoping there
was something in your files
that might lead us
to what happened.
Get out.
What?
Get out before
I call the police!
What?
All right, I'm leaving.
But if you change your mind,
I'm in the book.
When I was 14 years old,
my grandfather took me crabbing.
Now, crabbing's a lot
different from trout fishing.
See, you tie the bait on the line,
you drop it in the water,
and when you feel the crab crawl up
on the bait and start nibbling away,
you have to slowly raise
the line to the surface
and then net him
as fast as you can.
The only trouble is, by the time you
can see the crab, he can see you.
And nine times out of ten,
he'll scuttle right back off that bait
and disappear into the ocean.
I guess that's what
I always liked about it.
The crab had as good a chance
at a free meal as you did.
But the best thing
about crabbing was
that it taught me patience,
concentration,
and the second sense of when the time
was right to sit and wait it out.
Yeah, it's me. I'm here.
I didn't find anything.
Freeze!
What are you doing?
Get these off me!
I'm afraid I can't
do that, pilgrim. You're under arrest.
Why didn't you
tell me you were a cop?
You didn't give me
a chance.
Well, "Freeze. Police." That's
what you're supposed to say.
I mean, didn't they
teach you that at the academy?
They taught
me a lot of things, friend,
most of which I forgot.
Okay, now hold still.
Okay, now sit down while I start
filling out the arrest form.
What for?
Breaking and entering.
You actually saw me go
into that office?
You actually saw me
break and enter?
Okay, resisting arrest.
Come on, I got a buddy
who might be in big trouble.
I was just trying
to get some information,
which, obviously,
you were trying to do also.
But you must not have had
a search warrant.
We're not talking about me,
pal. We're talking about you.
Oh, I don't think so.
I think you were breaking
and entering just like me.
Now, I'm not so sure illegal
search and seizure
is the kind of thing
you'd like to have get out.
Are you threatening me?
No, no, no. I'm just saying
that, under the circumstances,
I'm not so sure of that.
It would make a lot more sense
if you let me go, and I didn't
talk to anybody on the way out.
Or maybe we should talk it
over with your chief.
I'll tell
you what I'm gonna do, mister.
I'm gonna put my feet up here
and catch 40 winks.
And if you're gone
when I wake up,
well, I guess
that's just my bad luck.
So long, pilgrim.
T.C.: So he's got a John Wayne complex.
A lot of cops do.
No, no. Not like this guy, T.C. I mean,
he actually talks like him.
Not all the time,
but I practically expected him
to saddle up and ride off
into the sunset.
May we start?
Oh, I'm sorry.
We're ready.
That's okay? Okay.
I'm sorry.
This is Victor Manzano.
Major underworld figure
in Chicago.
In fact, rumor has it
that Manzano is jockeying
to take over the entire
Mainland operation.
There must be something wrong
with the focus on this projector.
I can't seem to get
a clear picture.
No,
it's not the machine.
It's not the best picture in the world.
It's just the best I could find.
Why don't you go
to the next one, Jonathan?
This man is
Totsuo Yamashiro.
Lily.
He's probably
the most powerful man
in the infrastructure
of the Japanese yakuza.
How can you tell?
Because we have reports from undercover
agents attesting to his immense power.
No, I meant, how can you tell
that's Yamashiro?
Because his name is
on the back of the photograph.
Next, please.
Jonathan?
Oh, yes, of course.
Billy Kapalama.
Local underworld.
Which one is he?
He's the one way in the back.
With the hat on.
You can't...
That's right, you guys.
Just go ahead and laugh.
You have a good time.
Laugh it up.
No, look, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
But you can't see any of them.
Well, goodness knows you two
have done so much better.
T.C., you spent hours flying
over practically every island
between here and Bora Bora
and found nothing.
Well, I found a whole lot
of jungle terrain
where anybody who wanted to
could hide real well.
And you,
you get yourself arrested.
I did not.
Well, nearly arrested.
Anyway, what difference
does it make?
I mean, the point is,
you found out who these guys are
and what the link is between them.
That's what's important.
Thank you.
You figure they could be having
some sort of high-level meeting?
A floating little Appalachia,
as it were?
That's what it looks like.
Well, if they were, it was the
best kept secret of the decade.
Nobody knew,
not even Francis Hofstetler.
Francis Hofstetler?
Icepick.
You called lcepick?
His name is
Francis Hofstetler?
He knew that Vic Manzano was here on
vacation and a little personal business,
but certainly nothing
to do with his partners.
Please don't take offense
at this, Carol,
but do you honestly believe that
lcepick would simply hand over
Iegitimate information to the
prosecuting attorney's office?
Yes, I do.
I told him that we were doing
everything we could to find Rick.
He told me that Manzano was staying at
the Puna Kohola hotel on the West Shore.
I'm on my way.
I can get you there faster.
Thanks, T.C.
Hey, listen.
Try not to get caught
this time, okay?
Lily.
They're here.
Maybe.
What have you got for me here?
Underwear.
I know I can smell you.
Anybody home?
Neighbors.
Bingo!
Oh, come on, Gordon,
a little bit more finesse. You're a pro.
Make my day.
I knew it! Knew it.
Genius.
Yes.
Whoa, partner.
Got a few more miles to go
before the horse is in the barn.
Okay, cookie.
Let's get these
here, first thing,
these serial numbers to give
to the guys in the white hats.
Who are you men?
You belong in this room?
Who are you?
Hotel security.
I should report you for not putting
your valuables in the hotel safe.
Oh, guys, I can explain this one.
Look at this.
I can explain that.
Explain it...
Hey, you shouldn't
do this to someone. It's mean.
I'm gonna talk to your supervisor
about this kind of behavior.
I guess when
things are really bad,
you discover how little you really have
to say to the people you're close to.
T. C. and I didn't have to remind each
other that every second was crucial
if we were gonna
find Rick alive.
We had a sense of that between
us without ever saying it.
We also knew we had
to work on instinct alone
and hope that each new direction
we took was the right one
and that nothing would come up
that would get in our way.
T. C: If you run into
any sign of the police...
I will walk away.
Believe me, I don't want even the
slightest chance of running into...
Oh, no.
No! It's him!
That's John Wayne?
Whoa! Whoa!
Help!
Damn,
I thought you'd never get here.
Well, I guess I should say thank you,
but I'm not really very good at that.
Hey, that's okay.
Why wouldn't they let you
interrogate the suspects?
Oh, well, it's not my case.
Procedures, rules, you know.
No, you're onto something.
What? No. No, no. I just stumbled
into this case, that's all.
Oh, come on, you don't get all the medals
and citations I saw hanging in your office
by fumbling around in somebody
else's territory with no reason.
Now what do you got?
Look, if you'd level with us,
maybe T.C. and I can help you out.
Whoa, whoa, whoa.
We got problems
of our own unless they're...
Related? Possibly.
But highly unlikely.
What have you got to lose?
Well...
Why don't we buy you a cup of
coffee and you tell us all about it?
Anyway, I got it
from a very reliable source
that Manzano is bringing in
$2 million in small bills.
$2 million?
Funny money. And I figure,
the guy that catches him
trying to sell it to the
middleman is gonna be a hero.
I mean, there's probably a book in it,
a movie deal, Phil Donahue Show,
house in Palm Springs,
everything.
So, I meet Manzano's plane
and I tail him everywhere.
To his hotel, to the
Rainbow Dream Massage Parlor,
to the Kahana lnvestment
Counseling.
Then to the yacht harbor.
No, I lost him
after he left Reed Hart's.
Well, I went out
for a hot dog, okay?
I mean, I hadn't had
anything to eat all day.
I didn't know they were
gonna leave so fast.
Hey, hey, it's all right.
No, it's not all right. I mean,
if I had been there on the pier...
Gordon, they disappeared
at sea.
There was no way you were gonna
see what happened to them.
Maybe not. It's just...
I mean, my whole
movie career just vanished.
Yeah, so did our friend.
They didn't take $2 million
from Manzano's room just now.
Well, I'm sure he took the rest of
it on the boat to sell to Reed Hart.
I've got some serial numbers.
If we can get any of the rest of
the money, match the serial numbers,
we got him.
And anybody who knows about the money
probably knows what happened on the boat.
Hey, I can talk to my friend
who invested with him.
Maybe he saw something,
heard something.
It's a long shot, but...
I might know somebody, too.
Somebody who works
very close to Hart.
Can you get me an address from
that license plate number?
Yeah, sure.
All I need is a phone.
Phil Donahue,
house in Palm Springs?
I don't know. I...
And 15 cents.
Thanks.
In the light just now,
I saw in you the little girl
who arrived here
some 40 years ago.
Skinny, scared,
but sturdy.
Like a delicate desert flower.
Transplanted
to a foreign soil.
Right.
Thanks to a very generous
British relocation committee
with you at its head.
I mean, how many children were you
responsible for bringing to a new land?
Oh, perhaps a dozen,
but only one desert flower.
I'm sorry that we've
grown apart over the years.
I never thought
that would happen.
Thank you for coming over.
Jonathan, why do I get
the feeling that
this is more than just
a long-awaited reunion?
One of my employees,
a friend, really,
is in some trouble.
I don't know how much.
I only know that somehow,
in the last few days,
his life has become intertwined
with the life of Totsuo Yamashiro.
I know I once told you that I would not
hear of your relationship with that man.
Now, I'm afraid
I must ask you, if you will,
to tell me anything
you may know about him
that might lead me
to my friend.
I fear his life may be
at stake.
Every case,
no matter how simple,
can lead you down
a blind alley or two.
You come to accept it
and just hope
your little voice will warn you when
you're starting off down the wrong road.
Only this time,
the clock was ticking so loud,
I wasn't sure I could hear
my little voice.
I think Dustin Hoffman
would play me.
That's only when
we solve the case.
Which is
exactly what we're gonna do.
Would you...
Would you please not do that
anymore, please?
I'm afraid I
don't take your meaning, stranger.
You go in there
full of swagger and bluster,
she's not even gonna
talk to us. Now, why...
Why don't you just stay in the
car and let me handle this?
You really think
you can do it alone?
Trust me.
Hi, I was wondering
if I could...
Go away!
No, wait.
No, I just wanna talk to you.
Go away!
Please. If you'd just listen.
Will you...
Get out!
Get out of here!
All right, sister,
you either start talking
or look at facing
the next 99 years in jail.
He does this all the time.
Don't take it personally.
Don't think I don't
know what you're doing.
Good cop, bad cop, right?
No.
More like bad cop, no cop.
I'm the only law around here, sister,
and you better get used to it.
Gordon.
Here, make yourself useful and check
out these serial numbers, okay?
What are you doing?
You didn't think we could link you
to the rest of the money, did you?
Rest of what money?
Now don't be coy
with me, sister.
Gordon.
As soon as we match the numbers of the
bills to the numbers we confiscated
from a certain West Shore
hotel room...
Can I talk to you
for a minute?
We've got you linked to the major
power in organized crime today.
This money's gonna connect you
not only to counterfeiting,
but also drugs, prostitution,
gambling,
and every kind of despicable,
illegal activity there is.
I don't know
what you're talking about.
I took that money from the office safe.
I'll admit that.
But that was money from an investment
deal I closed for Reed this week.
Now, maybe that money
wasn't mine legally,
but I don't know anything about
any counterfeiting scheme, either.
Honest.
I'd like to believe you.
I really do,
but serial numbers don't lie.
They also don't match.
What do you mean,
"They don't match"?
They don't match.
But if you're willing
to tell me where Reed is,
I'll consider dropping the charges
down to simple embezzlement.
I don't know where he is!
Come on.
I mean, there's nothing else
you can tell us?
Look.
After you left the office,
I went to Reed's house.
He wasn't there.
The car was in the garage.
When I didn't hear from him
the rest of the day,
I went to the office, I took the money,
and I came home to pack.
Now that's all I know.
Honest.
I wish I could tell you more.
Detective Katsumoto.
When?
All right,
we'll be right there.
Coast Guard found the bodies. They want
someone to come down and make an lD.
Thanks to our very sophisticated
sonar equipment, we discovered the container.
Apparently, the men were shot
execution style.
And they cleaned the boat
very, very carefully.
Anything that looked like a clue was
put into this container and sunk.
Ironically, the one thing
they did to cover their tracks
turns out to help
the investigation.
The book was in the container
along with the bodies.
Well, if you're ready.
It's Freddie.
Reed's business partner.
He just bought into the firm.
Vic Manzano.
Totsuo Yamashiro.
Billy Kapalama.
No Reed Hart.
And no Rick Wright.
So we're right back
where we started.
Not necessarily.
Will there be
anything else?
No, thank you, Maile.
The link we thought we had found between
the three men was organized crime.
Apparently, that is true
but irrelevant.
According to my sources, Yamashiro was in
Honolulu to conduct business with Manzano.
Sources? What sources?
That's not important.
What is important is
that he was buying $2
million American counterfeit.
And Kapalama was
the local go-between.
Yes.
Well, that puts three of them together,
but where does Reed Hart fit in?
T.C.: Maybe he was going
to them for help.
According to my friend, Hart was into
a lot of people way over his head.
In fact, rumor has it that if he didn't
come up with a half-million fast,
he might end up at the bottom
of the Molokai Channel.
Which is where
he may well be right now.
Along with Rick Wright.
Well, it's a possibility
we have to consider.
There's something
we're not seeing.
There's something we're not seeing,
and it's right in front of us.
Six men get on
the King Kam III.
Hart and his business partner,
three businessmen and Rick.
Now four of them end up murdered in a container.
What about Rick and Reed Hart?
Perhaps they went overboard
during the struggle.
Six men get on a boat,
Or they don't.
You lost them.
Outside Reed Hart's office.
I'm afraid that's not...
This way, pilgrim.
Thomas, what about...
I don't know yet.
Perhaps it's a character
trait held in common
by everyone who becomes
an investigator.
Something in the DNA.
Finally, I was hearing
my little voice loud and clear.
And it was reminding me
of rule number five
in the private investigator's
handbook:
Never overlook the obvious.
There's Hart's car
right there.
I thought Starr said
she saw it at his house.
She did.
That's Reed Hart, all right.
I think we've been had.
How many times
do I have to tell you?
I didn't know!
But you suspected.
They would kill me
if I talk to you.
Well, if they don't, I might!
Now, I'm through playing games.
I want to know what you know!
Okay.
Reed told some people they could
make a 200% return on an investment.
They wanted to collect.
He didn't have the money.
Maybe he could've
sold his car.
I told him that.
He was afraid
of starting a run
if all of his investors knew
that he was in trouble.
He said he'd work it out.
And then Billy came in.
Kapalama.
He said he needed
a legitimate front.
A respectable, out-of-the-way place
for two men to conduct business.
He said it had to be secure because there
was, like, a couple of million at stake.
So Reed told his buddies where
the meeting was gonna take place
so they could just come in
and take the money.
I told him it was dangerous.
He said they'd make it look
like he was innocent.
It was only supposed
to be a robbery.
No one was supposed
to get killed.
He didn't have
any other way out.
Where can I find these guys?
He was going to steer the boat
near this deserted island.
They were gonna stay there with
the money until things cooled down.
He didn't even know that
the money was counterfeit.
All of this
for Monopoly money.
Where are you going?
I'm going out there.
In the dark?
It'll be light in an hour.
Look, we found
what we were looking for,
so let's just turn it over
to the authorities.
I thought you were gonna break
this case no matter what.
I did. We did.
But we just can't go charging in
there like it's San Juan Hill.
Let's just turn it over
to the Coast Guard, the FBl.
They've got all the equipment,
the firepower. I'll just make the call.
You're gonna call
the Coast Guard?
You have
my word on it, pilgrim.
There comes a moment in every case
when you know you're on the right track.
And that moment had finally
arrived in this one.
I knew, somehow,
that Rick was on that island.
I just wasn't sure
whether he was dead or alive.
T. C: Old Gordy's
not gonna be too happy
when he finds out
that we went in after Rick
after you promised him
that we wouldn't.
Well, he'll get over it.
Right now I'm more concerned
about Rick than old Gordy.
I'm glad we beat
the Coast Guard.
If Rick is on the island,
maybe we can find him and get him out
before the fireworks start.
That is, if we don't give away
our position going in.
A helicopter landing doesn't exactly give
you the advantage of a surprise attack.
I'll come in low.
The trees will absorb
the sound.
It's the best I can do.
PSST!
Over here.
The life raft.
That means
he's here somewhere.
Hold it or I'll shoot!
Rick.
T.C. Good. You're just in time
for high surf. The surf's up.
I don't know
where my surfboard is,
but I got a raft somewhere.
I got a raft.
Obviously delirious.
I'd better see to that wound.
Come on, guys.
You're gonna miss all the great action.
Rick, we're not
missing anything.
Now, forget about the raft.
We're taking you home.
I'm afraid
I can't let that happen.
Drop it. Right there.
Thomas, these are the guys
that are in trouble. They...
This man is seriously wounded.
He must have
immediate medical attention.
Look, maybe we can just talk.
This is the Coast Guard.
Drop your weapons and come
out with your hands up.
Don't even think about it.
Get their guns.
This is the Coast Guard.
Drop your weapons and come out
with your hands up.
We have you surrounded.
Come out immediately,
or we'll come in after ya.
Then you'll have to come in and get us!
We're not coming out!
We're not taking on
the Coast Guard.
Did you hear any boats
come in? Any planes? Get...
Thomas!
What time is it?
Yo, Magnum!
I bet
you were beginning to doubt
that I'll ever show up,
eh, partner?
I'm not your partner.
Don't call me that.
What happened to, "We can't go charging
in there like it's San Juan Hill"?
What happened to "Let's
bring in the Coast Guard"?
What happened to "I'll make
the phone call myself"?
Well, I guess you can't trust some guys
to do what they say they will, huh?
But you wanna hear
how I did it?
No.
"Mr. Maxi-Phone!"
If you'll send
the prisoners to my Zodiac
near the leeward shore...
I will be glad
to send them to the authorities.
Now hold it.
We are going to turn these men
over to the Coast Guard.
T.C. can call them
from the chopper.
I'll wait with you till they get here.
And then...
Then I don't ever wanna see or hear
from you again in my entire life.
Do you understand?
Yeah, sure,
if that's how you feel.
That's how I feel.
Wow, bummer.
Who is that guy?
John Wayne.
I just wanna say one thing.
I don't wanna
hear about it.
Thanks.
I figured out who's gonna
play you in the movie.
There isn't gonna be a movie.
Burt Reynolds.
Dustin Hoffman
and Burt Reynolds in
This Island Isn't Big Enough.
You like the title?
It just came to me.
I figure we can always change it,
you know, if it doesn't test well.
Now, who do you think
we can get for the girl, huh?
Mary Steenburgen.